Project 2: Quiz App

In this project you and your team will be creating a quiz application. The app will have three main pages:

1. The home page where the user will be able to start the quiz.
2. The quiz page where the user will be able to play the 10-question quiz.
3. The results page where the user will be able to see what they scored in the quiz.

In the same location as this memo, you will find a zip file of questions-answer zip file with a json file inside. The json includes a series of questions, answers, and correct answer. The way you choose which questions to display is up to you. But if a user plays twice, they should not be getting the same set of questions (although one or two may repeat).

This application utilizes the client-server architecture. The server will be in charge of deciding which questions to include, when the game starts, keeping track of the score and serving the html/css/js files.

Extra features could include:
1. A timer for the quiz or for each question.
2. A leaderboard.
3. A login/signup page.
4. Ability choose how many questions the quiz will have.
5. Ability to replay/restart.
6. Any other popular quiz feature you might know about.

Use of ChatGPT, Google, Stack Overflow are allowed, however if I were to ask on how you implemented a feature, you should possess full knowledge of the code and how it works. Otherwise, a lower grade will be given.

Each group, should maintain and submit a README.md file. In this file you should include all the features you and your team have developed, how to run the server, the name of participating team members, and what each team members role was in the development of the quiz app. 

You will submit the link of your leader's Github account, where I will be able to see the full code, as well as a two minute YouTube video link of a walkthrough of your project in action (meaning run the server and play the quiz). The leader could be the same as last time, or a new leader may be chosen, dictactorically or democraticlly :P

Extra credit may be provided for groups/individuals that go above and beyond the minimum required work.